README.md, before:

# 👨‍👩‍👦 go-pipl
> The unofficial golang SDK for the [pipl.com API](https://pipl.com/api/).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>CI&nbsp;/&nbsp;CD</th>
      <th>Quality&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Security</th>
      <th>Docs&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Meta</th>
      <th>Community</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/releases">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/mrz1836/go-pipl?logo=github&style=flat" alt="Latest Release">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/actions">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mrz1836/go-pipl/fortress.yml?branch=master&logo=github&style=flat" alt="Build Status">
        </a><br/>
		<a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/actions">
          <img src="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg?style=flat" alt="CodeQL">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/commits/master">
		  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat&logo=clockify&logoColor=white" alt="Last commit">
		</a>
      </td>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl">
          <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat" alt="Go Report Card">
        </a><br/>
		<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/mrz1836/go-pipl">
          <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/mrz1836/go-pipl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?style=flat" alt="Code Coverage">
        </a><br/>
		<a href="https://scorecard.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl">
          <img src="https://api.scorecard.dev/projects/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/badge?logo=springsecurity&logoColor=white" alt="OpenSSF Scorecard">
        </a><br/>
		<a href=".github/SECURITY.md">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/security-policy-blue?style=flat&logo=springsecurity&logoColor=white" alt="Security policy">
        </a>
      </td>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://golang.org/">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat" alt="Go version">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl?tab=doc">
          <img src="https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl.svg?style=flat" alt="Go docs">
        </a><br/>
        <a href=".github/AGENTS.md">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AGENTS.md-found-40b814?style=flat&logo=openai" alt="AGENTS.md rules">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/mage-x">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mage-supported-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white" alt="MAGE-X Supported">
        </a><br/>
		<a href=".github/dependabot.yml">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-automatic-blue?logo=dependabot&style=flat" alt="Dependabot">
        </a>
      </td>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/graphs/contributors">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat&logo=contentful&logoColor=white" alt="Contributors">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/mrz1836">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sponsor-MrZ-181717.svg?logo=github&style=flat" alt="Sponsor">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://mrz1818.com/?tab=tips&utm_source=github&utm_medium=sponsor-link&utm_campaign=go-pipl&utm_term=go-pipl&utm_content=go-pipl">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-bitcoin-ff9900.svg?logo=bitcoin&style=flat" alt="Donate Bitcoin">
        </a>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<br/>

## 🗂️ Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Examples & Tests](#examples--tests)
* [Benchmarks](#benchmarks)
* [Code Standards](#code-standards)
* [AI Compliance](#ai-compliance)
* [Maintainers](#maintainers)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

<br/>

## Installation

**go-pipl** requires a [supported release of Go](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html#policy).
```shell script
go get github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl
```

<br/>

## Documentation
View the generated [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl?tab=doc)

### Features
- Complete coverage for the [pipl.com API](https://pipl.com/api/)
- [Client](client.go) is completely configurable
- Using [heimdall http client](https://github.com/gojek/heimdall) with exponential backoff & more
- Minimum criteria detection before submitting a pipl query
- Search by pipl pointer reference
- Search for a single person via any of the following:
    - Full Name
    - Full Street Address
    - Email
    - Phone
    - Username or UserID or URL
- Search **all possible people**
    - Returns the original full person record
    - Searches all possible persons and gets full details
    - Combines all persons into one single response
- Thumbnail configuration setting for `person.Images`
    - Adds `image.ThumbnailURL` with the complete url for a live thumbnail
- Test and example coverage for all methods

<br>

### Additional Documentation & Repository Management

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Development Setup (Getting Started)</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

Install [MAGE-X](https://github.com/mrz1836/mage-x) build tool for development:

```bash
# Install MAGE-X for development and building
go install github.com/mrz1836/mage-x/cmd/magex@latest
magex update:install
```
</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Library Deployment</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

This project uses [goreleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser) for streamlined binary and library deployment to GitHub. To get started, install it via:

```bash
brew install goreleaser
```

The release process is defined in the [.goreleaser.yml](.goreleaser.yml) configuration file.

Then create and push a new Git tag using:

```bash
magex version:bump bump=patch push
```

This process ensures consistent, repeatable releases with properly versioned artifacts and citation metadata.

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Build Commands</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

View all build commands

```bash script
magex help
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>GitHub Workflows</code></strong></summary>
<br/>


### The Workflow Control Center

All GitHub Actions workflows in this repository are powered by configuration files: [**.env.base**](.github/.env.base) (default configuration) and optionally **.env.custom** (project-specific overrides) – your one-stop shop for tweaking CI/CD behavior without touching a single YAML file! 🎯

**Configuration Files:**
- **[.env.base](.github/.env.base)** – Default configuration that works for most Go projects
- **[.env.custom](.github/.env.custom)** – Optional project-specific overrides

This magical file controls everything from:
- **🚀 Go version matrix** (test on multiple versions or just one)
- **🏃 Runner selection** (Ubuntu or macOS, your wallet decides)
- **🔬 Feature toggles** (coverage, fuzzing, linting, race detection, benchmarks)
- **🛡️ Security tool versions** (gitleaks, nancy, govulncheck)
- **🤖 Auto-merge behaviors** (how aggressive should the bots be?)
- **🏷️ PR management rules** (size labels, auto-assignment, welcome messages)

> **Pro tip:** Want to disable code coverage? Just add `ENABLE_CODE_COVERAGE=false` to your .env.custom to override the default in .env.base and push. No YAML archaeology required!

<br/>

| Workflow Name                                                                      | Description                                                                                                            |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [auto-merge-on-approval.yml](.github/workflows/auto-merge-on-approval.yml)         | Automatically merges PRs after approval and all required checks, following strict rules.                               |
| [codeql-analysis.yml](.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)                       | Analyzes code for security vulnerabilities using [GitHub CodeQL](https://codeql.github.com/).                          |
| [dependabot-auto-merge.yml](.github/workflows/dependabot-auto-merge.yml)           | Automatically merges [Dependabot](https://github.com/dependabot) PRs that meet all requirements.                       |
| [fortress.yml](.github/workflows/fortress.yml)                                     | Runs the GoFortress security and testing workflow, including linting, testing, releasing, and vulnerability checks.    |
| [pull-request-management.yml](.github/workflows/pull-request-management.yml)       | Labels PRs by branch prefix, assigns a default user if none is assigned, and welcomes new contributors with a comment. |
| [scorecard.yml](.github/workflows/scorecard.yml)                                   | Runs [OpenSSF](https://openssf.org/) Scorecard to assess supply chain security.                                        |
| [stale.yml](.github/workflows/stale-check.yml)                                     | Warns about (and optionally closes) inactive issues and PRs on a schedule or manual trigger.                           |
| [sync-labels.yml](.github/workflows/sync-labels.yml)                               | Keeps GitHub labels in sync with the declarative manifest at [`.github/labels.yml`](./.github/labels.yml).             |

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Updating Dependencies</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

To update all dependencies (Go modules, linters, and related tools), run:

```bash
magex deps:update
```

This command ensures all dependencies are brought up to date in a single step, including Go modules and any managed tools. It is the recommended way to keep your development environment and CI in sync with the latest versions.

</details>

<br/>

## Examples & Tests
All unit tests and fuzz tests run via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pre-commit/actions) and use [Go version 1.24.x](https://go.dev/doc/go1.24). View the [configuration file](.github/workflows/fortress.yml).

Run all tests (fast):

```bash script
magex test
```

Run all tests with race detector (slower):
```bash script
magex test:race
```

<br/>

## Benchmarks
Run the Go benchmarks:

```bash script
magex bench
```

<br/>

## Code Standards
Read more about this Go project's [code standards](.github/CODE_STANDARDS.md).

<br/>

## AI Compliance
This project documents expectations for AI assistants using a few dedicated files:

- [AGENTS.md](.github/AGENTS.md) — canonical rules for coding style, workflows, and pull requests used by [Codex](https://chatgpt.com/codex).
- [CLAUDE.md](.github/CLAUDE.md) — quick checklist for the [Claude](https://www.anthropic.com/product) agent.
- [.cursorrules](.cursorrules) — machine-readable subset of the policies for [Cursor](https://www.cursor.so/) and similar tools.
- [sweep.yaml](.github/sweep.yaml) — rules for [Sweep](https://github.com/sweepai/sweep), a tool for code review and pull request management.

Edit `AGENTS.md` first when adjusting these policies, and keep the other files in sync within the same pull request.

<br/>

## Maintainers
| [<img src="https://github.com/mrz1836.png" height="50" alt="MrZ" />](https://github.com/mrz1836) |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|                                [MrZ](https://github.com/mrz1836)                                 |

<br/>

## Contributing
View the [contributing guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and please follow the [code of conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### How can I help?
All kinds of contributions are welcome :raised_hands:!
The most basic way to show your support is to star :star2: the project, or to raise issues :speech_balloon:.
You can also support this project by [becoming a sponsor on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/mrz1836) :clap:
or by making a [**bitcoin donation**](https://mrz1818.com/?tab=tips&utm_source=github&utm_medium=sponsor-link&utm_campaign=go-pipl&utm_term=go-pipl&utm_content=go-pipl) to ensure this journey continues indefinitely! :rocket:


[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mrz1836/go-pipl?label=Please%20like%20us&style=social)](https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/stargazers)

<br/>

## License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mrz1836/go-pipl.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: update README to highlight zero-dependency approach
- Remove heimdall references from feature list
- Add note about minimal dependencies (only testify for tests)
- Emphasize lightweight library design

README.md, after:

# 👨‍👩‍👦 go-pipl
> The unofficial golang SDK for the [pipl.com API](https://pipl.com/api/).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>CI&nbsp;/&nbsp;CD</th>
      <th>Quality&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Security</th>
      <th>Docs&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Meta</th>
      <th>Community</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/releases">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/mrz1836/go-pipl?logo=github&style=flat" alt="Latest Release">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/actions">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mrz1836/go-pipl/fortress.yml?branch=master&logo=github&style=flat" alt="Build Status">
        </a><br/>
		<a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/actions">
          <img src="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg?style=flat" alt="CodeQL">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/commits/master">
		  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat&logo=clockify&logoColor=white" alt="Last commit">
		</a>
      </td>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl">
          <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat" alt="Go Report Card">
        </a><br/>
		<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/mrz1836/go-pipl">
          <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/mrz1836/go-pipl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?style=flat" alt="Code Coverage">
        </a><br/>
		<a href="https://scorecard.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl">
          <img src="https://api.scorecard.dev/projects/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/badge?logo=springsecurity&logoColor=white" alt="OpenSSF Scorecard">
        </a><br/>
		<a href=".github/SECURITY.md">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/security-policy-blue?style=flat&logo=springsecurity&logoColor=white" alt="Security policy">
        </a>
      </td>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://golang.org/">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat" alt="Go version">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl?tab=doc">
          <img src="https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl.svg?style=flat" alt="Go docs">
        </a><br/>
        <a href=".github/AGENTS.md">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AGENTS.md-found-40b814?style=flat&logo=openai" alt="AGENTS.md rules">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/mage-x">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mage-supported-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white" alt="MAGE-X Supported">
        </a><br/>
		<a href=".github/dependabot.yml">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-automatic-blue?logo=dependabot&style=flat" alt="Dependabot">
        </a>
      </td>
      <td valign="top" align="left">
        <a href="https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/graphs/contributors">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mrz1836/go-pipl?style=flat&logo=contentful&logoColor=white" alt="Contributors">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/mrz1836">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sponsor-MrZ-181717.svg?logo=github&style=flat" alt="Sponsor">
        </a><br/>
        <a href="https://mrz1818.com/?tab=tips&utm_source=github&utm_medium=sponsor-link&utm_campaign=go-pipl&utm_term=go-pipl&utm_content=go-pipl">
          <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-bitcoin-ff9900.svg?logo=bitcoin&style=flat" alt="Donate Bitcoin">
        </a>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<br/>

## 🗂️ Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Examples & Tests](#examples--tests)
* [Benchmarks](#benchmarks)
* [Code Standards](#code-standards)
* [AI Compliance](#ai-compliance)
* [Maintainers](#maintainers)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

<br/>

## Installation

**go-pipl** requires a [supported release of Go](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html#policy).
```shell script
go get github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl
```

<br/>

## Documentation
View the generated [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl?tab=doc)

> **Heads up!** `go-pipl` is intentionally light on dependencies. The only
external package it uses is the excellent `testify` suite—and that's just for
our tests. You can drop this library into your projects without dragging along
extra baggage.

<br>

### Features
- Complete coverage for the [pipl.com API](https://pipl.com/api/)
- [Client](client.go) is completely configurable
- Minimum criteria detection before submitting a pipl query
- Search by pipl pointer reference
- Search for a single person via any of the following:
    - Full Name
    - Full Street Address
    - Email
    - Phone
    - Username or UserID or URL
- Search **all possible people**
    - Returns the original full person record
    - Searches all possible persons and gets full details
    - Combines all persons into one single response
- Thumbnail configuration setting for `person.Images`
    - Adds `image.ThumbnailURL` with the complete url for a live thumbnail
- Test and example coverage for all methods

<br>

### Additional Documentation & Repository Management

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Development Setup (Getting Started)</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

Install [MAGE-X](https://github.com/mrz1836/mage-x) build tool for development:

```bash
# Install MAGE-X for development and building
go install github.com/mrz1836/mage-x/cmd/magex@latest
magex update:install
```
</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Library Deployment</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

This project uses [goreleaser](https://github.com/goreleaser/goreleaser) for streamlined binary and library deployment to GitHub. To get started, install it via:

```bash
brew install goreleaser
```

The release process is defined in the [.goreleaser.yml](.goreleaser.yml) configuration file.

Then create and push a new Git tag using:

```bash
magex version:bump bump=patch push
```

This process ensures consistent, repeatable releases with properly versioned artifacts and citation metadata.

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Build Commands</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

View all build commands

```bash script
magex help
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>GitHub Workflows</code></strong></summary>
<br/>


### The Workflow Control Center

All GitHub Actions workflows in this repository are powered by configuration files: [**.env.base**](.github/.env.base) (default configuration) and optionally **.env.custom** (project-specific overrides) – your one-stop shop for tweaking CI/CD behavior without touching a single YAML file! 🎯

**Configuration Files:**
- **[.env.base](.github/.env.base)** – Default configuration that works for most Go projects
- **[.env.custom](.github/.env.custom)** – Optional project-specific overrides

This magical file controls everything from:
- **🚀 Go version matrix** (test on multiple versions or just one)
- **🏃 Runner selection** (Ubuntu or macOS, your wallet decides)
- **🔬 Feature toggles** (coverage, fuzzing, linting, race detection, benchmarks)
- **🛡️ Security tool versions** (gitleaks, nancy, govulncheck)
- **🤖 Auto-merge behaviors** (how aggressive should the bots be?)
- **🏷️ PR management rules** (size labels, auto-assignment, welcome messages)

> **Pro tip:** Want to disable code coverage? Just add `ENABLE_CODE_COVERAGE=false` to your .env.custom to override the default in .env.base and push. No YAML archaeology required!

<br/>

| Workflow Name                                                                      | Description                                                                                                            |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [auto-merge-on-approval.yml](.github/workflows/auto-merge-on-approval.yml)         | Automatically merges PRs after approval and all required checks, following strict rules.                               |
| [codeql-analysis.yml](.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)                       | Analyzes code for security vulnerabilities using [GitHub CodeQL](https://codeql.github.com/).                          |
| [dependabot-auto-merge.yml](.github/workflows/dependabot-auto-merge.yml)           | Automatically merges [Dependabot](https://github.com/dependabot) PRs that meet all requirements.                       |
| [fortress.yml](.github/workflows/fortress.yml)                                     | Runs the GoFortress security and testing workflow, including linting, testing, releasing, and vulnerability checks.    |
| [pull-request-management.yml](.github/workflows/pull-request-management.yml)       | Labels PRs by branch prefix, assigns a default user if none is assigned, and welcomes new contributors with a comment. |
| [scorecard.yml](.github/workflows/scorecard.yml)                                   | Runs [OpenSSF](https://openssf.org/) Scorecard to assess supply chain security.                                        |
| [stale.yml](.github/workflows/stale-check.yml)                                     | Warns about (and optionally closes) inactive issues and PRs on a schedule or manual trigger.                           |
| [sync-labels.yml](.github/workflows/sync-labels.yml)                               | Keeps GitHub labels in sync with the declarative manifest at [`.github/labels.yml`](./.github/labels.yml).             |

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong><code>Updating Dependencies</code></strong></summary>
<br/>

To update all dependencies (Go modules, linters, and related tools), run:

```bash
magex deps:update
```

This command ensures all dependencies are brought up to date in a single step, including Go modules and any managed tools. It is the recommended way to keep your development environment and CI in sync with the latest versions.

</details>

<br/>

## Examples & Tests
All unit tests and fuzz tests run via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pre-commit/actions) and use [Go version 1.24.x](https://go.dev/doc/go1.24). View the [configuration file](.github/workflows/fortress.yml).

Run all tests (fast):

```bash script
magex test
```

Run all tests with race detector (slower):
```bash script
magex test:race
```

<br/>

## Benchmarks
Run the Go benchmarks:

```bash script
magex bench
```

<br/>

## Code Standards
Read more about this Go project's [code standards](.github/CODE_STANDARDS.md).

<br/>

## AI Compliance
This project documents expectations for AI assistants using a few dedicated files:

- [AGENTS.md](.github/AGENTS.md) — canonical rules for coding style, workflows, and pull requests used by [Codex](https://chatgpt.com/codex).
- [CLAUDE.md](.github/CLAUDE.md) — quick checklist for the [Claude](https://www.anthropic.com/product) agent.
- [.cursorrules](.cursorrules) — machine-readable subset of the policies for [Cursor](https://www.cursor.so/) and similar tools.
- [sweep.yaml](.github/sweep.yaml) — rules for [Sweep](https://github.com/sweepai/sweep), a tool for code review and pull request management.

Edit `AGENTS.md` first when adjusting these policies, and keep the other files in sync within the same pull request.

<br/>

## Maintainers
| [<img src="https://github.com/mrz1836.png" height="50" alt="MrZ" />](https://github.com/mrz1836) |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|                                [MrZ](https://github.com/mrz1836)                                 |

<br/>

## Contributing
View the [contributing guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and please follow the [code of conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### How can I help?
All kinds of contributions are welcome :raised_hands:!
The most basic way to show your support is to star :star2: the project, or to raise issues :speech_balloon:.
You can also support this project by [becoming a sponsor on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/mrz1836) :clap:
or by making a [**bitcoin donation**](https://mrz1818.com/?tab=tips&utm_source=github&utm_medium=sponsor-link&utm_campaign=go-pipl&utm_term=go-pipl&utm_content=go-pipl) to ensure this journey continues indefinitely! :rocket:


[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mrz1836/go-pipl?label=Please%20like%20us&style=social)](https://github.com/mrz1836/go-pipl/stargazers)

<br/>

## License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mrz1836/go-pipl.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE)
